c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\bin\Debug\BankaKrvi.exe.config
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\bin\Debug\BankaKrvi.exe
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\bin\Debug\BankaKrvi.pdb
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmPregledPacijenata.resources
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.exe
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.pdb
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmBankaKrvi.resources
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmDodavanjePacijenta.resources
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmDodajTest.resources
c:\users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmPregledDonacija.resources
C:\Users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmDodavanjeDonacije.resources
C:\Users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmDodavanjeTransfuzije.resources
C:\Users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmPregledTransfuzija.resources
C:\Users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmPregledStanjaKrvi.resources
C:\Users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmHladnjak.resources
C:\Users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmPregledHladnjaka.resources
C:\Users\vlazar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BankaKrvi\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.frmDodavanjeDoze.resources
C:\Users\vlazar\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam20\Projekt\BankaKrvi\bin\Debug\BankaKrvi.exe.config
C:\Users\vlazar\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam20\Projekt\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.exe
C:\Users\vlazar\Documents\GitHub\RepositoryTeam20\Projekt\BankaKrvi\obj\Debug\BankaKrvi.pdb
